So we edit this angular universal pre rendering.
How would you now deploy this application with that added.
You would basically still deploy a disk folder but now you need to deploy it to a server which is capable
of running a node.
JS server because you're hosting service where you deploy a server jast who needs to execute that server
japes file it needs to run that on the server.
That's really important to understand this file needs to be run on the server and therefore to Yukon's
use AWOS as free anymore.
For example you need some server where you can start that file and run it with such a server though.
You just ship the content of the disk folder to it and then configure it to run the server jazz fall
and you're done.
Does this how you would deploy it still deploy the content of this.
But now to a server which is not a static server but one running no.
That said for angular or universal I hope this is helpful.
You can always dive much deeper into this by the way.
This is a basic introduction.
Does this how it works in a nutshell does is what it does on the fly pre rendering.
Always keep in mind you have a single page application again once it runs on the client.
And if you want to dive deeper you can visit universalised angular.
I O to find fervor resources and to get a page off that project where you can also learn more.
Post questions or open issues to be precise and dive deeper into that.
So with that let's move on.